feat(clients): Always order query params (#2044)
electric-sql/electric: .changeset/selfish-rings-mate.md

---
"@electric-sql/client": patch
"@core/elixir-client": patch
---

> Always use sorted query parameters in official clients for stable URLs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Always use sorted query parameters in official clients to ensure Shape URLs are cached consistently.
```
